Improve branch point finding (#277)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

    round trips on the network are now much reduced.  [[#273], [#276]]
 -  `Message.Block` has been replaced by `Message.Blocks` and the magic number
    has been changed to `0x0a`.  [[#276]]

>  -  Improved reponse performance for block hash queries.  [[#277]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Improved response performance for block hash queries.  [[#277]]
```

    round trips on the network are now much reduced.  [[#273], [#276]]
 -  `Message.Block` has been replaced by `Message.Blocks` and the magic number
    has been changed to `0x0a`.  [[#276]]

>  -  Improved response performance for block hash queries.  [[#277]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 -  Improved performance of `Swarm`'s response time to `GetBlockHashes`
    request messages.  [[#277]]
```
